to add governance overview (#469)
centrehq/verite: packages/docs/verite/overview/governance-overview.md

* The network will fragment, i.e., verifiers will only accept VCs from certain issuers
* Fragmentation of reliance means VCs become less portable – which is one of the most important factors aspects of their value proposition
* This will also be a huge barrier to adoption, as widespread acceptance of VCs will be difficult to achieve (or the network will centralize around a single Issuer)

## Current State: Boot-strapping an Ecosystem

Verite is currently orchestrated by Centre in close collaboration with its initial implementers, and grounded in feedback from early evaluators who commit seriously to considering our work to date.  This is “strategically centralized,” in the sense that Centre is currently the hub at the center of major technical and business planning with implementers, but the multi-lateral collaboration has already started in Working Groups, bound by multi-lateral IP/NDA agreements.  One such working group is actually focused on roadmapping and elaborating everything that follows; to get involved, reach out to Centre.

## Target-State: Three Interlocking Governance Mechanisms

> In a scaled ecosystem with multiple issuers and verifiers of differing scales and foci, Verite needs an explicit, detailed governance framework and rulebook that defines how to create, update, and enforce rules and standards that bind the network together legally and technically. These can be thought of as “by-laws” that structure how Verite expands, as Centre steps back to allow a more community-driven governance.

Author: ```suggestion
In a scaled ecosystem with multiple issuers and verifiers of differing scales and foci, Verite needs an explicit, detailed governance framework and rulebook that defines how to create, update, and enforce rules and standards that bind the network together legally and technically. These can be thought of as “by-laws” that structure how Verite expands, as community-driven governance gets formalized.
```
As per @dmsutt67 's suggestion
